backend-defaults: Add support for decoration of the pluginTokenHandler (#27757)
backstage/backstage: docs/auth/service-to-service-auth.md

        # Also supports the shorthand form:
        # action: create, read
  ```

## Adding custom or logic for validation and issuing of tokens

> The `pluginTokenHandlerDecoratorServiceRef` can be used to decorate the existing token handler without having to re-implement the entire `PluginTokenHandler`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `pluginTokenHandlerDecoratorServiceRef` can be used to decorate the existing token handler without having to re-implement the entire `AuthService` implementation.
```

```ts
import {
  PluginTokenHandler,
  pluginTokenHandlerDecoratorServiceRef,
} from '@backstage/backend-defaults/auth';
import { createServiceFactory } from '@backstage/backend-plugin-api';

const decoratedPluginTokenHandler = createServiceFactory({
  service: pluginTokenHandlerDecoratorServiceRef,
  deps: {},
  async factory() {
    return (defaultImplementation: PluginTokenHandler) =>
      new (class CustomHandler implements PluginTokenHandler {
        verifyToken(
          token: string,
        ): Promise<{ subject: string; limitedUserToken?: string } | undefined> {
          // custom logic here
          if (isMyCustomToken(token)) {
            return { subject: 'custom-subject' };
          }
          return defaultImplementation.verifyToken(token);
        }
        issueToken(options: {
          pluginId: string;
          targetPluginId: string;
          limitedUserToken?: { token: string; expiresAt: Date };
        }): Promise<{ token: string }> {
          return defaultImplementation.issueToken(options);
        }

>       })();

Reviewer: Let's clean this up a lil bit imo, maybe even just have it be `new CustomTokenHandler(handler)` or such
